-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test set: org.apache.commons.dbcp2.TestPStmtPoolingBasicDataSource
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Tests run: 60, Failures: 0, Errors: 0, Skipped: 0, Time elapsed: 15.771 sec - in org.apache.commons.dbcp2.TestPStmtPoolingBasicDataSource
testLRUBehavior(org.apache.commons.dbcp2.TestPStmtPoolingBasicDataSource)  Time elapsed: 0.18 sec
testPreparedStatementPooling(org.apache.commons.dbcp2.TestPStmtPoolingBasicDataSource)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testPStmtPoolingAccrossClose(org.apache.commons.dbcp2.TestPStmtPoolingBasicDataSource)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testPStmtPoolingWithNoClose(org.apache.commons.dbcp2.TestPStmtPoolingBasicDataSource)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testPStmtCatalog(org.apache.commons.dbcp2.TestPStmtPoolingBasicDataSource)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testMultipleThreads1(org.apache.commons.dbcp2.TestPStmtPoolingBasicDataSource)  Time elapsed: 10.118 sec
testEmptyValidationQuery(org.apache.commons.dbcp2.TestPStmtPoolingBasicDataSource)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testValidationQueryTimoutFail(org.apache.commons.dbcp2.TestPStmtPoolingBasicDataSource)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testSetValidationTestProperties(org.apache.commons.dbcp2.TestPStmtPoolingBasicDataSource)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testRollbackReadOnly(org.apache.commons.dbcp2.TestPStmtPoolingBasicDataSource)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testClose(org.apache.commons.dbcp2.TestPStmtPoolingBasicDataSource)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
testPropertyTestOnReturn(org.apache.commons.dbcp2.TestPStmtPoolingBasicDataSource)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testValidationQueryTimeoutSucceed(org.apache.commons.dbcp2.TestPStmtPoolingBasicDataSource)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testMaxTotalZero(org.apache.commons.dbcp2.TestPStmtPoolingBasicDataSource)  Time elapsed: 0.102 sec
testPooling(org.apache.commons.dbcp2.TestPStmtPoolingBasicDataSource)  Time elapsed: 0.006 sec
testMaxConnLifetimeExceeded(org.apache.commons.dbcp2.TestPStmtPoolingBasicDataSource)  Time elapsed: 0.504 sec
testValidationQueryTimeoutNegative(org.apache.commons.dbcp2.TestPStmtPoolingBasicDataSource)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
testPoolCloseRTE(org.apache.commons.dbcp2.TestPStmtPoolingBasicDataSource)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
testInvalidConnectionInitSql(org.apache.commons.dbcp2.TestPStmtPoolingBasicDataSource)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testSetAutoCommitTrueOnClose(org.apache.commons.dbcp2.TestPStmtPoolingBasicDataSource)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testConcurrentInitBorrow(org.apache.commons.dbcp2.TestPStmtPoolingBasicDataSource)  Time elapsed: 0.457 sec
testValidationQueryTimeoutZero(org.apache.commons.dbcp2.TestPStmtPoolingBasicDataSource)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testMaxConnLifetimeExceededMutedLog(org.apache.commons.dbcp2.TestPStmtPoolingBasicDataSource)  Time elapsed: 0.503 sec
testEmptyInitConnectionSql(org.apache.commons.dbcp2.TestPStmtPoolingBasicDataSource)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testDriverClassLoader(org.apache.commons.dbcp2.TestPStmtPoolingBasicDataSource)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testJmxDisabled(org.apache.commons.dbcp2.TestPStmtPoolingBasicDataSource)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testInitialSize(org.apache.commons.dbcp2.TestPStmtPoolingBasicDataSource)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
testInvalidValidationQuery(org.apache.commons.dbcp2.TestPStmtPoolingBasicDataSource)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testNoAccessToUnderlyingConnectionAllowed(org.apache.commons.dbcp2.TestPStmtPoolingBasicDataSource)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testPoolCloseCheckedException(org.apache.commons.dbcp2.TestPStmtPoolingBasicDataSource)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testCreateDataSourceCleanupEvictor(org.apache.commons.dbcp2.TestPStmtPoolingBasicDataSource)  Time elapsed: 1.001 sec
testTransactionIsolationBehavior(org.apache.commons.dbcp2.TestPStmtPoolingBasicDataSource)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testCreateDataSourceCleanupThreads(org.apache.commons.dbcp2.TestPStmtPoolingBasicDataSource)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testDefaultCatalog(org.apache.commons.dbcp2.TestPStmtPoolingBasicDataSource)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
testAccessToUnderlyingConnectionAllowed(org.apache.commons.dbcp2.TestPStmtPoolingBasicDataSource)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testInvalidateConnection(org.apache.commons.dbcp2.TestPStmtPoolingBasicDataSource)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testSetProperties(org.apache.commons.dbcp2.TestPStmtPoolingBasicDataSource)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testDisconnectSqlCodes(org.apache.commons.dbcp2.TestPStmtPoolingBasicDataSource)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testIsClosedFailure(org.apache.commons.dbcp2.TestPStmtPoolingBasicDataSource)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testThreaded(org.apache.commons.dbcp2.TestPStmtPoolingBasicDataSource)  Time elapsed: 2.711 sec
testCanCloseStatementTwice(org.apache.commons.dbcp2.TestPStmtPoolingBasicDataSource)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testNoRsetClose(org.apache.commons.dbcp2.TestPStmtPoolingBasicDataSource)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testOpening(org.apache.commons.dbcp2.TestPStmtPoolingBasicDataSource)  Time elapsed: 0.004 sec
testCanCloseConnectionTwice(org.apache.commons.dbcp2.TestPStmtPoolingBasicDataSource)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testIsClosed(org.apache.commons.dbcp2.TestPStmtPoolingBasicDataSource)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testCanCloseCallableStatementTwice(org.apache.commons.dbcp2.TestPStmtPoolingBasicDataSource)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testAutoCommitBehavior(org.apache.commons.dbcp2.TestPStmtPoolingBasicDataSource)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testHashing(org.apache.commons.dbcp2.TestPStmtPoolingBasicDataSource)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testCanClosePreparedStatementTwice(org.apache.commons.dbcp2.TestPStmtPoolingBasicDataSource)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testClosing(org.apache.commons.dbcp2.TestPStmtPoolingBasicDataSource)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
testPrepareStatementOptions(org.apache.commons.dbcp2.TestPStmtPoolingBasicDataSource)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
testBackPointers(org.apache.commons.dbcp2.TestPStmtPoolingBasicDataSource)  Time elapsed: 0.004 sec
testHashCode(org.apache.commons.dbcp2.TestPStmtPoolingBasicDataSource)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testConnectionsAreDistinct(org.apache.commons.dbcp2.TestPStmtPoolingBasicDataSource)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testMaxTotal(org.apache.commons.dbcp2.TestPStmtPoolingBasicDataSource)  Time elapsed: 0.102 sec
testRepeatedBorrowAndReturn(org.apache.commons.dbcp2.TestPStmtPoolingBasicDataSource)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testCanCloseResultSetTwice(org.apache.commons.dbcp2.TestPStmtPoolingBasicDataSource)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testClearWarnings(org.apache.commons.dbcp2.TestPStmtPoolingBasicDataSource)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testSimple2(org.apache.commons.dbcp2.TestPStmtPoolingBasicDataSource)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testSimple(org.apache.commons.dbcp2.TestPStmtPoolingBasicDataSource)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
