-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test set: org.apache.commons.dbcp2.datasources.TestSharedPoolDataSource
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Tests run: 34, Failures: 0, Errors: 0, Skipped: 0, Time elapsed: 6.817 sec - in org.apache.commons.dbcp2.datasources.TestSharedPoolDataSource
testPoolPreparedStatements(org.apache.commons.dbcp2.datasources.TestSharedPoolDataSource)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testOpening(org.apache.commons.dbcp2.datasources.TestSharedPoolDataSource)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testClosingWithUserName(org.apache.commons.dbcp2.datasources.TestSharedPoolDataSource)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testChangePassword(org.apache.commons.dbcp2.datasources.TestSharedPoolDataSource)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testPoolPrepareStatement(org.apache.commons.dbcp2.datasources.TestSharedPoolDataSource)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testMaxWaitMillis(org.apache.commons.dbcp2.datasources.TestSharedPoolDataSource)  Time elapsed: 1.004 sec
testClosePool(org.apache.commons.dbcp2.datasources.TestSharedPoolDataSource)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testClosing(org.apache.commons.dbcp2.datasources.TestSharedPoolDataSource)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
testTransactionIsolationBehavior(org.apache.commons.dbcp2.datasources.TestSharedPoolDataSource)  Time elapsed: 0.004 sec
testDbcp369(org.apache.commons.dbcp2.datasources.TestSharedPoolDataSource)  Time elapsed: 1.53 sec
testMaxTotal(org.apache.commons.dbcp2.datasources.TestSharedPoolDataSource)  Time elapsed: 0.101 sec
testSimpleWithUsername(org.apache.commons.dbcp2.datasources.TestSharedPoolDataSource)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testSimple2(org.apache.commons.dbcp2.datasources.TestSharedPoolDataSource)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
testSimple(org.apache.commons.dbcp2.datasources.TestSharedPoolDataSource)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testMultipleThreads1(org.apache.commons.dbcp2.datasources.TestSharedPoolDataSource)  Time elapsed: 0.306 sec
testMultipleThreads2(org.apache.commons.dbcp2.datasources.TestSharedPoolDataSource)  Time elapsed: 1.007 sec
testIncorrectPassword(org.apache.commons.dbcp2.datasources.TestSharedPoolDataSource)  Time elapsed: 0.004 sec
testThreaded(org.apache.commons.dbcp2.datasources.TestSharedPoolDataSource)  Time elapsed: 2.809 sec
testCanCloseStatementTwice(org.apache.commons.dbcp2.datasources.TestSharedPoolDataSource)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testNoRsetClose(org.apache.commons.dbcp2.datasources.TestSharedPoolDataSource)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
testPooling(org.apache.commons.dbcp2.datasources.TestSharedPoolDataSource)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
testCanCloseConnectionTwice(org.apache.commons.dbcp2.datasources.TestSharedPoolDataSource)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testIsClosed(org.apache.commons.dbcp2.datasources.TestSharedPoolDataSource)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
testCanCloseCallableStatementTwice(org.apache.commons.dbcp2.datasources.TestSharedPoolDataSource)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testAutoCommitBehavior(org.apache.commons.dbcp2.datasources.TestSharedPoolDataSource)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testHashing(org.apache.commons.dbcp2.datasources.TestSharedPoolDataSource)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testCanClosePreparedStatementTwice(org.apache.commons.dbcp2.datasources.TestSharedPoolDataSource)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
testPrepareStatementOptions(org.apache.commons.dbcp2.datasources.TestSharedPoolDataSource)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testBackPointers(org.apache.commons.dbcp2.datasources.TestSharedPoolDataSource)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testHashCode(org.apache.commons.dbcp2.datasources.TestSharedPoolDataSource)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testConnectionsAreDistinct(org.apache.commons.dbcp2.datasources.TestSharedPoolDataSource)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testRepeatedBorrowAndReturn(org.apache.commons.dbcp2.datasources.TestSharedPoolDataSource)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testCanCloseResultSetTwice(org.apache.commons.dbcp2.datasources.TestSharedPoolDataSource)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testClearWarnings(org.apache.commons.dbcp2.datasources.TestSharedPoolDataSource)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
