-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test set: org.apache.commons.dbcp2.TestAbandonedBasicDataSource
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Tests run: 63, Failures: 0, Errors: 0, Skipped: 0, Time elapsed: 13.709 sec - in org.apache.commons.dbcp2.TestAbandonedBasicDataSource
testAbandonedCloseWithExceptions(org.apache.commons.dbcp2.TestAbandonedBasicDataSource)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testLastUsedPrepareCall(org.apache.commons.dbcp2.TestAbandonedBasicDataSource)  Time elapsed: 2.586 sec
testLastUsed(org.apache.commons.dbcp2.TestAbandonedBasicDataSource)  Time elapsed: 2.602 sec
testAbandoned(org.apache.commons.dbcp2.TestAbandonedBasicDataSource)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testGarbageCollectorCleanUp01(org.apache.commons.dbcp2.TestAbandonedBasicDataSource)  Time elapsed: 0.177 sec
testGarbageCollectorCleanUp02(org.apache.commons.dbcp2.TestAbandonedBasicDataSource)  Time elapsed: 0.218 sec
testLastUsedUpdate(org.apache.commons.dbcp2.TestAbandonedBasicDataSource)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testAbandonedClose(org.apache.commons.dbcp2.TestAbandonedBasicDataSource)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testLastUsedPreparedStatementUse(org.apache.commons.dbcp2.TestAbandonedBasicDataSource)  Time elapsed: 2.601 sec
testEmptyValidationQuery(org.apache.commons.dbcp2.TestAbandonedBasicDataSource)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testValidationQueryTimoutFail(org.apache.commons.dbcp2.TestAbandonedBasicDataSource)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testSetValidationTestProperties(org.apache.commons.dbcp2.TestAbandonedBasicDataSource)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testRollbackReadOnly(org.apache.commons.dbcp2.TestAbandonedBasicDataSource)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testClose(org.apache.commons.dbcp2.TestAbandonedBasicDataSource)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testPropertyTestOnReturn(org.apache.commons.dbcp2.TestAbandonedBasicDataSource)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testValidationQueryTimeoutSucceed(org.apache.commons.dbcp2.TestAbandonedBasicDataSource)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testMaxTotalZero(org.apache.commons.dbcp2.TestAbandonedBasicDataSource)  Time elapsed: 0.1 sec
testPooling(org.apache.commons.dbcp2.TestAbandonedBasicDataSource)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testMaxConnLifetimeExceeded(org.apache.commons.dbcp2.TestAbandonedBasicDataSource)  Time elapsed: 0.501 sec
testValidationQueryTimeoutNegative(org.apache.commons.dbcp2.TestAbandonedBasicDataSource)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testPoolCloseRTE(org.apache.commons.dbcp2.TestAbandonedBasicDataSource)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testInvalidConnectionInitSql(org.apache.commons.dbcp2.TestAbandonedBasicDataSource)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testSetAutoCommitTrueOnClose(org.apache.commons.dbcp2.TestAbandonedBasicDataSource)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testConcurrentInitBorrow(org.apache.commons.dbcp2.TestAbandonedBasicDataSource)  Time elapsed: 0.456 sec
testValidationQueryTimeoutZero(org.apache.commons.dbcp2.TestAbandonedBasicDataSource)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testMaxConnLifetimeExceededMutedLog(org.apache.commons.dbcp2.TestAbandonedBasicDataSource)  Time elapsed: 0.501 sec
testEmptyInitConnectionSql(org.apache.commons.dbcp2.TestAbandonedBasicDataSource)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testDriverClassLoader(org.apache.commons.dbcp2.TestAbandonedBasicDataSource)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testJmxDisabled(org.apache.commons.dbcp2.TestAbandonedBasicDataSource)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testInitialSize(org.apache.commons.dbcp2.TestAbandonedBasicDataSource)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testInvalidValidationQuery(org.apache.commons.dbcp2.TestAbandonedBasicDataSource)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testNoAccessToUnderlyingConnectionAllowed(org.apache.commons.dbcp2.TestAbandonedBasicDataSource)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testPoolCloseCheckedException(org.apache.commons.dbcp2.TestAbandonedBasicDataSource)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testCreateDataSourceCleanupEvictor(org.apache.commons.dbcp2.TestAbandonedBasicDataSource)  Time elapsed: 1.002 sec
testTransactionIsolationBehavior(org.apache.commons.dbcp2.TestAbandonedBasicDataSource)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testCreateDataSourceCleanupThreads(org.apache.commons.dbcp2.TestAbandonedBasicDataSource)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testDefaultCatalog(org.apache.commons.dbcp2.TestAbandonedBasicDataSource)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
testAccessToUnderlyingConnectionAllowed(org.apache.commons.dbcp2.TestAbandonedBasicDataSource)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testInvalidateConnection(org.apache.commons.dbcp2.TestAbandonedBasicDataSource)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testSetProperties(org.apache.commons.dbcp2.TestAbandonedBasicDataSource)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testDisconnectSqlCodes(org.apache.commons.dbcp2.TestAbandonedBasicDataSource)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testIsClosedFailure(org.apache.commons.dbcp2.TestAbandonedBasicDataSource)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testThreaded(org.apache.commons.dbcp2.TestAbandonedBasicDataSource)  Time elapsed: 2.811 sec
testCanCloseStatementTwice(org.apache.commons.dbcp2.TestAbandonedBasicDataSource)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testNoRsetClose(org.apache.commons.dbcp2.TestAbandonedBasicDataSource)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testOpening(org.apache.commons.dbcp2.TestAbandonedBasicDataSource)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testCanCloseConnectionTwice(org.apache.commons.dbcp2.TestAbandonedBasicDataSource)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testIsClosed(org.apache.commons.dbcp2.TestAbandonedBasicDataSource)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testCanCloseCallableStatementTwice(org.apache.commons.dbcp2.TestAbandonedBasicDataSource)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testAutoCommitBehavior(org.apache.commons.dbcp2.TestAbandonedBasicDataSource)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testHashing(org.apache.commons.dbcp2.TestAbandonedBasicDataSource)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testCanClosePreparedStatementTwice(org.apache.commons.dbcp2.TestAbandonedBasicDataSource)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testClosing(org.apache.commons.dbcp2.TestAbandonedBasicDataSource)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testPrepareStatementOptions(org.apache.commons.dbcp2.TestAbandonedBasicDataSource)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testBackPointers(org.apache.commons.dbcp2.TestAbandonedBasicDataSource)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testHashCode(org.apache.commons.dbcp2.TestAbandonedBasicDataSource)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testConnectionsAreDistinct(org.apache.commons.dbcp2.TestAbandonedBasicDataSource)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testMaxTotal(org.apache.commons.dbcp2.TestAbandonedBasicDataSource)  Time elapsed: 0.101 sec
testRepeatedBorrowAndReturn(org.apache.commons.dbcp2.TestAbandonedBasicDataSource)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testCanCloseResultSetTwice(org.apache.commons.dbcp2.TestAbandonedBasicDataSource)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testClearWarnings(org.apache.commons.dbcp2.TestAbandonedBasicDataSource)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testSimple2(org.apache.commons.dbcp2.TestAbandonedBasicDataSource)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testSimple(org.apache.commons.dbcp2.TestAbandonedBasicDataSource)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
