-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test set: org.apache.commons.dbcp2.TestPoolingDataSource
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Tests run: 30, Failures: 0, Errors: 0, Skipped: 0, Time elapsed: 2.717 sec - in org.apache.commons.dbcp2.TestPoolingDataSource
testClose(org.apache.commons.dbcp2.TestPoolingDataSource)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testFixFactoryConfig(org.apache.commons.dbcp2.TestPoolingDataSource)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testPoolGuardConnectionWrapperEqualsSameDelegate(org.apache.commons.dbcp2.TestPoolingDataSource)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testPoolGuardConnectionWrapperEqualInnermost(org.apache.commons.dbcp2.TestPoolingDataSource)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testPoolGuardConnectionWrapperEqualsReflexive(org.apache.commons.dbcp2.TestPoolingDataSource)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testPoolGuardConnectionWrapperEqualsFail(org.apache.commons.dbcp2.TestPoolingDataSource)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testPoolGuardConnectionWrapperEqualsNull(org.apache.commons.dbcp2.TestPoolingDataSource)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testPoolGuardConnectionWrapperEqualsType(org.apache.commons.dbcp2.TestPoolingDataSource)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testThreaded(org.apache.commons.dbcp2.TestPoolingDataSource)  Time elapsed: 2.593 sec
testCanCloseStatementTwice(org.apache.commons.dbcp2.TestPoolingDataSource)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testNoRsetClose(org.apache.commons.dbcp2.TestPoolingDataSource)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testOpening(org.apache.commons.dbcp2.TestPoolingDataSource)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testPooling(org.apache.commons.dbcp2.TestPoolingDataSource)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testCanCloseConnectionTwice(org.apache.commons.dbcp2.TestPoolingDataSource)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testIsClosed(org.apache.commons.dbcp2.TestPoolingDataSource)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testCanCloseCallableStatementTwice(org.apache.commons.dbcp2.TestPoolingDataSource)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
testAutoCommitBehavior(org.apache.commons.dbcp2.TestPoolingDataSource)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testHashing(org.apache.commons.dbcp2.TestPoolingDataSource)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testCanClosePreparedStatementTwice(org.apache.commons.dbcp2.TestPoolingDataSource)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testClosing(org.apache.commons.dbcp2.TestPoolingDataSource)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testPrepareStatementOptions(org.apache.commons.dbcp2.TestPoolingDataSource)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testBackPointers(org.apache.commons.dbcp2.TestPoolingDataSource)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testHashCode(org.apache.commons.dbcp2.TestPoolingDataSource)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testConnectionsAreDistinct(org.apache.commons.dbcp2.TestPoolingDataSource)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testMaxTotal(org.apache.commons.dbcp2.TestPoolingDataSource)  Time elapsed: 0.102 sec
testRepeatedBorrowAndReturn(org.apache.commons.dbcp2.TestPoolingDataSource)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testCanCloseResultSetTwice(org.apache.commons.dbcp2.TestPoolingDataSource)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testClearWarnings(org.apache.commons.dbcp2.TestPoolingDataSource)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testSimple2(org.apache.commons.dbcp2.TestPoolingDataSource)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testSimple(org.apache.commons.dbcp2.TestPoolingDataSource)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
