-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test set: org.apache.commons.dbcp2.managed.TestManagedDataSource
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Tests run: 33, Failures: 0, Errors: 0, Skipped: 0, Time elapsed: 2.924 sec - in org.apache.commons.dbcp2.managed.TestManagedDataSource
testManagedConnectionEqualsSameDelegateNoUnderlyingAccess(org.apache.commons.dbcp2.managed.TestManagedDataSource)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testNestedConnections(org.apache.commons.dbcp2.managed.TestManagedDataSource)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testSharedConnection(org.apache.commons.dbcp2.managed.TestManagedDataSource)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testManagedConnectionEqualsSameDelegate(org.apache.commons.dbcp2.managed.TestManagedDataSource)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testConnectionReturnOnCommit(org.apache.commons.dbcp2.managed.TestManagedDataSource)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testManagedConnectionEqualsFail(org.apache.commons.dbcp2.managed.TestManagedDataSource)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testManagedConnectionEqualsNull(org.apache.commons.dbcp2.managed.TestManagedDataSource)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testManagedConnectionEqualsType(org.apache.commons.dbcp2.managed.TestManagedDataSource)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testManagedConnectionEqualInnermost(org.apache.commons.dbcp2.managed.TestManagedDataSource)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testManagedConnectionEqualsReflexive(org.apache.commons.dbcp2.managed.TestManagedDataSource)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testAccessToUnderlyingConnectionAllowed(org.apache.commons.dbcp2.managed.TestManagedDataSource)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testThreaded(org.apache.commons.dbcp2.managed.TestManagedDataSource)  Time elapsed: 2.799 sec
testCanCloseStatementTwice(org.apache.commons.dbcp2.managed.TestManagedDataSource)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testNoRsetClose(org.apache.commons.dbcp2.managed.TestManagedDataSource)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testOpening(org.apache.commons.dbcp2.managed.TestManagedDataSource)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testPooling(org.apache.commons.dbcp2.managed.TestManagedDataSource)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testCanCloseConnectionTwice(org.apache.commons.dbcp2.managed.TestManagedDataSource)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testIsClosed(org.apache.commons.dbcp2.managed.TestManagedDataSource)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testCanCloseCallableStatementTwice(org.apache.commons.dbcp2.managed.TestManagedDataSource)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testAutoCommitBehavior(org.apache.commons.dbcp2.managed.TestManagedDataSource)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testHashing(org.apache.commons.dbcp2.managed.TestManagedDataSource)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testCanClosePreparedStatementTwice(org.apache.commons.dbcp2.managed.TestManagedDataSource)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testClosing(org.apache.commons.dbcp2.managed.TestManagedDataSource)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testPrepareStatementOptions(org.apache.commons.dbcp2.managed.TestManagedDataSource)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testBackPointers(org.apache.commons.dbcp2.managed.TestManagedDataSource)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testHashCode(org.apache.commons.dbcp2.managed.TestManagedDataSource)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testConnectionsAreDistinct(org.apache.commons.dbcp2.managed.TestManagedDataSource)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testMaxTotal(org.apache.commons.dbcp2.managed.TestManagedDataSource)  Time elapsed: 0.102 sec
testRepeatedBorrowAndReturn(org.apache.commons.dbcp2.managed.TestManagedDataSource)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testCanCloseResultSetTwice(org.apache.commons.dbcp2.managed.TestManagedDataSource)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testClearWarnings(org.apache.commons.dbcp2.managed.TestManagedDataSource)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testSimple2(org.apache.commons.dbcp2.managed.TestManagedDataSource)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testSimple(org.apache.commons.dbcp2.managed.TestManagedDataSource)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
