-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test set: org.apache.commons.dbcp2.TestPoolingDriver
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Tests run: 29, Failures: 0, Errors: 0, Skipped: 0, Time elapsed: 2.715 sec - in org.apache.commons.dbcp2.TestPoolingDriver
testLogWriter(org.apache.commons.dbcp2.TestPoolingDriver)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testReportedBug12400(org.apache.commons.dbcp2.TestPoolingDriver)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testReportedBug28912(org.apache.commons.dbcp2.TestPoolingDriver)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
test1(org.apache.commons.dbcp2.TestPoolingDriver)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
test2(org.apache.commons.dbcp2.TestPoolingDriver)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testClosePool(org.apache.commons.dbcp2.TestPoolingDriver)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testInvalidateConnection(org.apache.commons.dbcp2.TestPoolingDriver)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testThreaded(org.apache.commons.dbcp2.TestPoolingDriver)  Time elapsed: 2.6 sec
testCanCloseStatementTwice(org.apache.commons.dbcp2.TestPoolingDriver)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testNoRsetClose(org.apache.commons.dbcp2.TestPoolingDriver)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testOpening(org.apache.commons.dbcp2.TestPoolingDriver)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testPooling(org.apache.commons.dbcp2.TestPoolingDriver)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testCanCloseConnectionTwice(org.apache.commons.dbcp2.TestPoolingDriver)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testIsClosed(org.apache.commons.dbcp2.TestPoolingDriver)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testCanCloseCallableStatementTwice(org.apache.commons.dbcp2.TestPoolingDriver)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testAutoCommitBehavior(org.apache.commons.dbcp2.TestPoolingDriver)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testHashing(org.apache.commons.dbcp2.TestPoolingDriver)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testCanClosePreparedStatementTwice(org.apache.commons.dbcp2.TestPoolingDriver)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testClosing(org.apache.commons.dbcp2.TestPoolingDriver)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testPrepareStatementOptions(org.apache.commons.dbcp2.TestPoolingDriver)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testBackPointers(org.apache.commons.dbcp2.TestPoolingDriver)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testHashCode(org.apache.commons.dbcp2.TestPoolingDriver)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testConnectionsAreDistinct(org.apache.commons.dbcp2.TestPoolingDriver)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testMaxTotal(org.apache.commons.dbcp2.TestPoolingDriver)  Time elapsed: 0.101 sec
testRepeatedBorrowAndReturn(org.apache.commons.dbcp2.TestPoolingDriver)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testCanCloseResultSetTwice(org.apache.commons.dbcp2.TestPoolingDriver)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testClearWarnings(org.apache.commons.dbcp2.TestPoolingDriver)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testSimple2(org.apache.commons.dbcp2.TestPoolingDriver)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testSimple(org.apache.commons.dbcp2.TestPoolingDriver)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
