-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test set: org.apache.commons.dbcp2.datasources.TestPerUserPoolDataSource
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Tests run: 35, Failures: 0, Errors: 0, Skipped: 0, Time elapsed: 4.195 sec - in org.apache.commons.dbcp2.datasources.TestPerUserPoolDataSource
testPerUserMethods(org.apache.commons.dbcp2.datasources.TestPerUserPoolDataSource)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testOpening(org.apache.commons.dbcp2.datasources.TestPerUserPoolDataSource)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testSerialization(org.apache.commons.dbcp2.datasources.TestPerUserPoolDataSource)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testClosingWithUserName(org.apache.commons.dbcp2.datasources.TestPerUserPoolDataSource)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testChangePassword(org.apache.commons.dbcp2.datasources.TestPerUserPoolDataSource)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testDefaultUser1(org.apache.commons.dbcp2.datasources.TestPerUserPoolDataSource)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testDefaultUser2(org.apache.commons.dbcp2.datasources.TestPerUserPoolDataSource)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testClosing(org.apache.commons.dbcp2.datasources.TestPerUserPoolDataSource)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testTransactionIsolationBehavior(org.apache.commons.dbcp2.datasources.TestPerUserPoolDataSource)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testMaxTotal(org.apache.commons.dbcp2.datasources.TestPerUserPoolDataSource)  Time elapsed: 0.097 sec
testSimpleWithUsername(org.apache.commons.dbcp2.datasources.TestPerUserPoolDataSource)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testMaxWaitMillisZero(org.apache.commons.dbcp2.datasources.TestPerUserPoolDataSource)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testSimple2(org.apache.commons.dbcp2.datasources.TestPerUserPoolDataSource)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testSimple(org.apache.commons.dbcp2.datasources.TestPerUserPoolDataSource)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testMultipleThreads1(org.apache.commons.dbcp2.datasources.TestPerUserPoolDataSource)  Time elapsed: 0.309 sec
testMultipleThreads2(org.apache.commons.dbcp2.datasources.TestPerUserPoolDataSource)  Time elapsed: 1.008 sec
testUnregisteredUser(org.apache.commons.dbcp2.datasources.TestPerUserPoolDataSource)  Time elapsed: 0.004 sec
testIncorrectPassword(org.apache.commons.dbcp2.datasources.TestPerUserPoolDataSource)  Time elapsed: 0.005 sec
testThreaded(org.apache.commons.dbcp2.datasources.TestPerUserPoolDataSource)  Time elapsed: 2.716 sec
testCanCloseStatementTwice(org.apache.commons.dbcp2.datasources.TestPerUserPoolDataSource)  Time elapsed: 0.004 sec
testNoRsetClose(org.apache.commons.dbcp2.datasources.TestPerUserPoolDataSource)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
testPooling(org.apache.commons.dbcp2.datasources.TestPerUserPoolDataSource)  Time elapsed: 0.004 sec
testCanCloseConnectionTwice(org.apache.commons.dbcp2.datasources.TestPerUserPoolDataSource)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testIsClosed(org.apache.commons.dbcp2.datasources.TestPerUserPoolDataSource)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testCanCloseCallableStatementTwice(org.apache.commons.dbcp2.datasources.TestPerUserPoolDataSource)  Time elapsed: 0.008 sec
testAutoCommitBehavior(org.apache.commons.dbcp2.datasources.TestPerUserPoolDataSource)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
testHashing(org.apache.commons.dbcp2.datasources.TestPerUserPoolDataSource)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testCanClosePreparedStatementTwice(org.apache.commons.dbcp2.datasources.TestPerUserPoolDataSource)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
testPrepareStatementOptions(org.apache.commons.dbcp2.datasources.TestPerUserPoolDataSource)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testBackPointers(org.apache.commons.dbcp2.datasources.TestPerUserPoolDataSource)  Time elapsed: 0.004 sec
testHashCode(org.apache.commons.dbcp2.datasources.TestPerUserPoolDataSource)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
testConnectionsAreDistinct(org.apache.commons.dbcp2.datasources.TestPerUserPoolDataSource)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testRepeatedBorrowAndReturn(org.apache.commons.dbcp2.datasources.TestPerUserPoolDataSource)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testCanCloseResultSetTwice(org.apache.commons.dbcp2.datasources.TestPerUserPoolDataSource)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testClearWarnings(org.apache.commons.dbcp2.datasources.TestPerUserPoolDataSource)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
